[Music]
[Applause]
what advice would you give an aspiring
hip-hop star annunciate hmm you don't
see it yeah that's always my thing you
know you go to all the trouble of
waiting this incredible poetry and
spitting it to your rhymes and beats
that you've created I want to understand
what the hell you're saying if you had a
tail would you have removed or would you
just adapt your pants to suit it that
seems like a pretty badass thing to I'm
thinking about taking that into
auditions yeah and just casually perform
some dialogue and then flourish my tail
at the end of the line yeah
keep the tail where a lot of kilts okay
of all the people in your life and the
way you think of this through who is the
most likely to be attacked by a bear
probably my uncle done pretty heroic the
uncle Don has the ability to if he
breaks down hauling a wagon of corn on
the road he's got everything in the
truck
- like fabricate a new tongue for the
wagon he just is really mechanically
gifted I didn't even know wagons had
tongues yeah yeah that's the front part
that hooks onto the trip the hitch on
the back of your pickup truck you know
what to the tongue of a wagon to the
wagon zone Lagavulin the opera magician
he answered all of life's ridiculous
questions hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this
is the Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it